(bright music)
- [Instructor] So far, we managed to refactor existing code
to move from direct method calls to event system.
In this challenge,
we want you to extend existing functionality
of customer service remove method.
This method is responsible for removing user
from the database.
However, we also want you to inform the customer, by email,
that his account has been removed.
First, you should create a new event.
For example, you can call it CustomerRemovedEvent.
Make sure this event is published
once the customer has been removed.
Next, create a listener that is capturing new event
and is calling existing methods from email service.
For sending an email,
you already have a method called CustomerRemovedEmail
that is just doing lock print.
And finally, you can run a test method
to test if email service
has been called app or user removal.
This challenge should take about five to 10 minutes.
When you're done, or if you get stuck,
you can check out my solution reader
to see how I solved the challenge.